Bolt has started art more than other
janabi mod for minecraft this way what
what it brings are fireworks and let's go
to see the use of table postman to
capture fuzz with gunpowder and with rope the
we put in this way and we have like
we take a push and we put it here
this assumes that it is wick now with paper
we do this
gunpowder in the middle and with ton balloons
dust we do this with this a hanabi the
we take and see the creative way
to have infinities because they want to
one then we spend and we will have to
do more and more then let's check
how do you see the care for exploiting
in this way and nothing more cerebral
many things with this mode but one and
more in creative mode with the take
items as you see we have many more but
the crafter is unknown we're going to catch
and we're going to see them all for
finish well to show this you see
is
how big is
the reservations this is
pretty stable
I liked the heroes a lot
we like them
pretty cool let's see the last
and that knowledge god as faith
for five times look
but I hope you liked this mod
and that I did a little fool and ranges
I think you liked it and we'll see you in the
installation of the mod
we are in the installation of annabi and
we go to these two pages in the
first page we go down to click
janadi click
will take us to this page
once here we wait for the option that
we want
in my case it will be this click
to accept we go down a bit and with them
here is a picture and here are the
mailmen you see here it's good we go
to the second link we go down to moto to
see once there all sticks click
accept if we want the previous version
of the motorcycle to see diverse and there the
we will have
we passed these two files to the desktop
once they are there we are going to start
xp users will appear to execute and there
we have to write percent app data
percent comic we go to micro
We enter bi click minecraft click
right to open select a program
from the list of installed programs click
accept from select this box
we selected winner file accept
we closed the folder
once in the winner file you click
delete if we open mod loader
we celebrate everything and we accept it
we have engine we open ya nagy and we do
the same
we select everything and we pass it to
accept and close everything
and we are going to open our micro for
test if the motorcycle is installed
correctly let's open it dongling
large screen that looks good and like
you see is loading now it seems that yes
that works but you have to be 100%
sure so let's go into a mode
creative
as expected for the world to carry
we are entering press the e in
followed here we are and we will see
first if it is around here and if we have
that luck will be incredible but if
not so
it will not be lucky to have here as it is
here is the mod
janabi let's check now what was
which I liked I think it was the last
first let's see the original here
is the original as is the mod works
correctly let's try the one that I
taste
pum
for this so before starting another
way
so clear that this is not different
This was mine, this being and that I liked
Well I hope you liked it too
the motel there are dark objects plus things
what do you do and we go in our
next ticket moss goodbye